[K8S] Added - ARM information to docs (#2807)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/how-to/deploy-x86-arm-images.mdx

### How to deploy multi-arch images

1. Build multi-arch images. Docker supports multi-arch builds using `buildx`.
2. Push the built images to a container registry accessible by your Kubernetes cluster. For example, you can use the [Scaleway Container Registry](/containers/container-registry/quickstart/).
3. Specify node selectors and affinity. Use either [node selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector) and [affinity rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity) to ensure pods are scheduled on nodes with compatible architectures. Alternatively, use taints to mark nodes with specific architectures and tolerations to allow pods to run on those nodes. Refer to the [official Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) for more information regarding taints and tolerations.

<Message type="tip">
  Using multi-arch images you benefit from a
    - simplified deployment process.
    - scalable solution for managing multi-architecture clusters.
</Message>

#### Example

> Below you can find an example of a pod configuration with affinity set to target the `beta.kubernetes.io/arch=arm64` label, which is present by default on Scaleway ARM nodes:

Author: ```suggestion
Below you can find an example of a pod configuration with affinity set to target the `kubernetes.io/arch=arm64` label, which is present by default on Scaleway ARM nodes:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: example-pod-with-affinity
spec:
  affinity:
    nodeAffinity:
      requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
        nodeSelectorTerms:
        - matchExpressions:

>           - key: beta.kubernetes.io/arch

Author: ```suggestion
          - key: kubernetes.io/arch
```

            operator: In
            values:
            - arm64
  containers:
  - name: my-container
    image: my-image:latest
    # Add more container configurations as needed
```

> In this example, the pod's affinity is configured to be scheduled on nodes that have the label `beta.kubernetes.io/arch` with the value `arm64`.

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, the pod's affinity is configured to be scheduled on nodes that have the label `kubernetes.io/arch` with the value `arm64`.
```

This ensures that the pod will only be scheduled on nodes with this architecture.

## Using architecture-specific deployments

> In cases where multi-arch images are not possible, architecture-specific deployments can be an alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use architecture-specific deployments as an alternative, if multi-arch images are not available.
```

These images contain binaries for multiple architectures, allowing Kubernetes to pull the appropriate binaries for each node.

### How to deploy multi-arch images

1. Build multi-arch images. Docker supports multi-arch builds using `buildx`.
2. Push the built images to a container registry accessible by your Kubernetes cluster. For example, you can use the [Scaleway Container Registry](/containers/container-registry/quickstart/).
3. Specify node selectors and affinity. Use either [node selectors](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector) and [affinity rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity) to ensure pods are scheduled on nodes with compatible architectures.
    <Message type="tip">
      Alternatively, use taints to mark nodes with specific architectures and tolerations to allow pods to run on those nodes. Refer to the [official Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/taint-and-toleration/) for more information regarding taints and tolerations.
    </Message>
#### Example

> Below you can find an example of a pod configuration with affinity set to target the `kubernetes.io/arch=arm64` label, which is present by default on Scaleway ARM nodes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below, you can find an example of a pod configuration with affinity set to target the `kubernetes.io/arch=arm64` label, which is present by default on Scaleway ARM nodes:
```
